Title: 

URL Source: http://cge.ncku.edu.tw/var/file/7/1007/img/NCKUGeneralCourseEnrollmentGuideline(ForstudentsenrolledasFreshmenstarting112AcademicYears).pdf

Markdown Content:
National Cheng Kung University General Course Enrollment Guideline 

(For students enrolled as Freshmen starting 112 Academic Years)                

> 104.05.06 103 academic year 2 nd general education committee meeting revised and approved
> 105.02.25 104 academic year The 2 nd academic meeting was amended
> 106.07.26 105 school 3 rd general education committee meeting revised and approved
> 107.12.12 107 academic year 2 nd general education committee meeting revised and approved
> 108.05.29 107 academic year The 2 nd academic meeting was amended
> 109.12.11 109 academic year 1 st general education committee meeting revised and approved
> 111.06.02 110 academic year 2 nd general education committee meeting revised and approved
> 112.06.01 111 academic year 2 nd general education committee meeting revised and approved

1. Undergraduate freshmen are required to take Language courses (8 credits), Area Courses (4-18 credits) and Comprehensive Courses (1-15 credits) which makes up a total of 28 credits. Courses will be announced by the Center of General Education each semester. Exploring Tainan (0 credit) is a course required of 106 and 107 academic year freshmen. Students who didn’t pass this course should retake. Exploring Tainan (1 credit) is a course required of 108 academic year freshmen. 

2. “Language Courses” include College Chinese (4 credits) and Foreign Languages (4 credits). 

A. “College Chinese” - Planned by the Departments of Chinese Literature and Taiwanese Literature and the course names will be announced by the Center of General Education each semester. Students from the Departments of Chinese Literature and Taiwanese Literature are required to take elective courses (4 credits) from their department in replacement. International students (except students from China) can take College Chinese courses offered by Chinese Language Center as a replacement. 

B. “Foreign Languages” – Follows the English courses enrollment regulation of NCKU. Each department can modify the regulation not to allow students to take this course or take other foreign languages courses instead. This regulation should be set by each department and report to the Center of General Education for future reference. Students from the Department of Foreign Language Literature are required to take elective courses (4 credits) from their department in replacement. International students who take the official language of their nationality will not be recognized as general course credit. 

3. “Area Courses”: Students are required to earn 4-18 credits from at least three out of the five study areas (Humanities, Social Sciences, Natural and Engineering Sciences, Life Sciences and health and Interdisciplinary Integration) according to their interest and needed cross domain profession.( Foreign students (except students from China) admit at most 19 credits) 

A. Students can take “Action Learning” offered by each department with its prerequisite taken (1 credit). 

B. Students can take courses from other departments and transfer to general course credit. Credit transfer has to be approved by the students’ department and the Center of General Education. However, the transfer must be made during the semester in which the course was taken. Application period starts from the first day of Course Enrollment Confirmation stage to the day semester ends. Application will not be accepted after the deadline. 

C. Each department can decide whether the course taken can be transfer to General course credit when the course name and/or the course content are/is similar to the department’s required or elective course. 

D. Foreign Language course other than English taken at NCKU or other schools can be transfer to general course credit in the humanities area. However, International students cannot take the official language of their country of origin. 

4. “Comprehensive Courses” includes ‘Leadership Forum’, ‘General Education Lecture Series’, ‘General Education Forum’, ‘Learning by Practice’(at most 4 Credits) and ‘Capstone Courses’. Students are required to earn 1~15 credits from this course. ‘Learning by Practice’ is a self-learning category in which students collect points to earn credit (collect 9 points for 1 credit). Refer to “National Cheng Kung University ‘Learning by Practice’ Course Guideline “for detail on points earning regulation. Foreign students (except students from China) can take Area Courses in replacement of Comprehensive Courses. 

5. General education course credit transference and taking courses at other school both need to follow the NCKU regulations. 

6. Other matter not stated by this regulation should abide by the school constitution and relevant course enrollment guidelines. 

7. This guideline takes into effect after passing the general education committee meeting.